[DOCS] Added missing definitions and edited for consistency. (#53519)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/glossary.asciidoc

// end::analysis-def[]
--

[[glossary-auto-follow-pattern]] auto-follow pattern ::
// tag::auto-follow-pattern-def[]

> An index pattern pattern used to automatically configure new indices as 

Reviewer: dedupe `pattern`
```suggestion
An index pattern used to automatically configure new indices as 
```
I think a link to either a definition or docs for index pattern would be helpful here. Because we plan to reuse the content, this would need to formatted as an external link.

> <<glossary-follower-index, follower indices>> for <<glossary-ccr,{ccr}>>.

Reviewer: I tend to remove spaces from internal links. Otherwise, the links could accidentally break when rewrapped for line length.
```suggestion
<<glossary-follower-index,follower indices>> for <<glossary-ccr,{ccr}>>.
```

// end::auto-follow-pattern-def[]

[[glossary-cluster]] cluster ::
// tag::cluster-def[]
One or more <<glossary-node,nodes>> that share the
same cluster name. Each cluster has a single master node, which is
chosen automatically by the cluster and can be replaced if it fails.
// end::cluster-def[]

[[glossary-cold-phase]] cold phase ::
// tag::cold-phase-def[]

> The third possible phase in the lifecycle of an index. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure "third" is super helpful here without more context. Also another good opportunity for an external link.
> The third possible phase in the lifecycle of an index.

Author: I'm going to stet this to leave the emphasis on lifecycle, but will add the link. I think "third" is somewhat helpful, in that it indicates that it's some way along in the lifecycle.

> In the cold phase, an index is no longer being updated and is seldom queried. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the cold phase, an index is no longer updated and seldom queried. 
```

> The information still needs to be searchable, but it’s okay if those queries are slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index is still searchable, but queries are slower.
```

Author: I'm going to stet this to leave the emphasis on what the requirements for the data are.

// end::cold-phase-def[]

[[glossary-ccr]] {ccr} (CCR)::
// tag::ccr-def[]
A feature that enables you to replicate indices in remote clusters to your
local cluster. For more information, see 
{ref}/xpack-ccr.html[{ccr-cap}].  
// end::ccr-def[]
  
[[glossary-ccs]] {ccs} (CCS)::
// tag::ccs-def[]
A feature that enables any node to act as a federated client across
multiple clusters.
See {ref}/modules-cross-cluster-search.html[Search across clusters].
// end::ccs-def[]

[[glossary-delete-phase]] delete phase ::
// tag::delete-phase-def[]

> The last possible phase in the lifecycle of an index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last possible phase in the index lifecycle. 
```

Author: Stet, as above.

In most cases, the goal of filtering is to reduce the number of documents that have to be examined.
// end::filter-def[]

[[glossary-flush]] flush ::
// tag::flush-def[]

> Make sure that all data in the transaction log is permanently written to the Lucene index. 

Reviewer: I feel more context is needed for the transaction log. Link, maybe?
> Make sure that all data in the transaction log is permanently written to the Lucene index.

Author: Good points. Will flip it around to  put the emphasis on "writing" & add some context.

> {es} automatically triggers flushes as needed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{es} automatically triggers flushes as needed;.
```

Author: I think it's worth mentioning when calling flush is useful. (Preparing for upgrades.)

See the {ref}/freeze-index-api.html[freeze API].
// end::freeze-def[]

[[glossary-frozen-index]] frozen index ::  
// tag::frozen-index-def[]
An index reduced to a low overhead state that still enables occasional searches.

> Frozen indices use a memory efficient shard implementation and throttle searches to conserve resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frozen indices use a memory-efficient shard implementation and throttle searches to conserve resources.
```

Searching a frozen index is lower overhead than re-opening a closed index to enable searching.
// end::frozen-index-def[]

[[glossary-hot-phase]] hot phase ::
// tag::hot-phase-def[]

> The first possible phase in the lifecycle of an index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first possible phase in the index lifecycle. 
```

Author: Stet, as above.

> In the hot phase, an index is actively being updated and queried. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the hot phase, an index is actively updated and queried. 
```

+
--
// tag::index-def[]
// tag::index-def-short[]

> An optimized collection of documents where each document is a collection of fields, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optimized collection of JSON documents. Each document is a collection of fields, 
```

> which are the key-value pairs that contain your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the key-value pairs that contain your data. 
```

// end::index-def-short[]

An index is like a _table_ in a relational database. 

> It is a logical namespace that maps to one or more

Reviewer: I feel like comparing an index to a table likely causes more harm than good.
```suggestion
An index is a logical namespace that maps to one or more
```

Author: Agreed...at one level, it's a useful analogy, but it has also proved to be a problematic one.

--
// tag::index-alias-def[]
// tag::index-alias-desc[]
An index alias is a logical name used to reference one or more indices.

Most {es} APIs accept an index alias in place of an index name.
// end::index-alias-desc[]

See {ref}/indices-add-alias.html[Add index alias].
// end::index-alias-def[]
--

[[glossary-index-lifecycle]] index lifecycle ::
// tag::index-lifecycle-def[]

> The four phases an index can move through as it ages: <<glossary-hot-phase>>, <<glossary-warm-phase>>, 

Reviewer: Looks like line wrapping may be off here.

Author: Was trying to get at the fact that a lifecycle inherently has a time component, but given that the main point of ILM is to be able to use criteria other than age to move through the lifecycle, it's confusing.

> <<glossary-cold-phase, cold phase>>, <<glossary-delete-phase>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<glossary-cold-phase>>, <<glossary-delete-phase>>.
```

// end::index-lifecycle-def[]

[[glossary-index-lifecycle-policy]] index lifecycle policy ::
// tag::index-lifecycle-policy-def[]
Specifies how an index moves between phases in the index lifecycle and 

> what actions to perform during each phase. 

Reviewer: A link may be helpful here.

// end::index-lifecycle-policy-def[]

[[glossary-index-template]] index template ::
+
--
// tag::index-template-def[]
// tag::index-template-def-short[]
Defines settings and mappings to apply to new indexes that match a simple naming pattern, such as _logs-*_. 
// end::index-template-def-short[]

An index template can also attach a lifecycle policy to the new index.
Index templates are used to automatically configure indices created during <<glossary-rollover, rollover>>. 
// end::index-template-def[]
--

[[glossary-leader-index]] leader index ::  
// tag::leader-index-def[]
The source index for <<glossary-ccr,{ccr}>>. A leader index exists
on a remote cluster and is replicated to 
<<glossary-follower-index,follower indices>>.
// end::leader-index-def[]

[[glossary-local-cluster]] local cluster ::
// tag::local-cluster-def[]

> The cluster that pulls data from a <<glossary-remote-cluster>> in cross cluster search or replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster that pulls data from a <<glossary-remote-cluster,remote cluster>> in {ccs} or replication.
```

Wrapping also looks to be off here.

[[glossary-reindex]] reindex ::

// tag::reindex-def[]
To cycle through some or all documents in one or more indices, re-writing them into the same 

> or new index in a local or remote cluster. This is most commonly done to update mappings, or to upgrade Elasticsearch between two incompatible index versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or new index in a local or remote cluster. This is most commonly done to update mappings, or to upgrade {es} between two incompatible index versions.
```
Wrapping looks off here.

// end::reindex-def[]

[[glossary-remote-cluster]] remote cluster ::

// tag::remote-cluster-def[]
A separate cluster, often in a different data center or locale, that contains indices that 

> can be replicated or searched by the <<glossary-local-cluster>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be replicated or searched by the <<glossary-local-cluster,local cluster>>. 
```

--
// tag::rollover-def[]
// tag::rollover-def-short[]

> Redirect an index alias to begin writing to a new index when the existing index reaches a certain age, number of docs, or size. 

Reviewer: Line needs to be rewrapped.

// end::rollover-def-short[]

The new index is automatically configured according to any matching <<glossary-index-template, index templates>>. 
For example, if you're indexing log data, you might use rollover to create daily or weekly indices. 
See the {ref}/indices-rollover-index.html[rollover index API].
// end::rollover-def[]
--

[[glossary-rollup]] rollup ::
// tag::rollup-def[]
Summarize high-granularity data into a more compressed format to 
maintain access to historical data in a cost-effective way.
// end::rollup-def[]

[[glossary-rollup-index]] rollup index ::
// tag::rollup-index-def[]
A special type of index for storing historical data at reduced granularity. 

> Documents are summarized and indexed into a rollup index by a <glossary-rollup-job>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documents are summarized and indexed into a rollup index by a <glossary-rollup-job,rollup job>>.
```

Will likely need to rewrap this line.

--

[[glossary-shrink]] shrink ::
+
--
// tag::shrink-def[]
// tag::shrink-def-short[]
Reduce the number of primary shards in an index.
// end::shrink-def-short[]

You can shrink an index to reduce its overhead when the request volume drops.
For example, you might opt to shrink an index once it is no longer the write index. 
See the {ref}/indices-shrink-index.html[shrink index API].
// end::shrink-def[]
--

[[glossary-snapshot]] snapshot ::
// tag::snapshot-def[]
A backup taken from a running {es} cluster. 
You can take snapshots of individual indices or of the entire cluster. 
// end::snapshot-def[]

[[glossary-snapshot-lifecycle-policy]] snapshot lifecycle policy ::
// tag::snapshot-lifecycle-policy-def[]

> Specifies how frequently to perform automatic back ups of a cluster and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies how frequently to perform automatic backups of a cluster and 
```

Types are deprecated and are in the process of being removed.
See {ref}/removal-of-types.html[Removal of mapping types].
// end::type-def[]

[[glossary-warm-phase]] warm phase ::
// tag::warm-phase-def[]

> The second possible phase in the lifecycle of an index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second possible phase in the index lifecycle. 
```

Author: Stet, as above.

> In the warm phase, an index is no longer being updated, but is still being queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the warm phase, an index is no longer updated but can still be queried.
```
